README.md, before:

# API Weather Dashboard

## Description


![Home](./assets/images/main.png)
![Question](./assets/images/question.png)
![HighScores](./assets/images/highscores.png)

Link to live page: 

## Installation
N/A

## Usage


## Credits 

- [Day.js](https://day.js.org/docs/en/manipulate/add)
- [W3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_loc_assign.asp)
- [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65908096/how-can-i-store-multiple-values-inside-one-localstorage-key)
- [GirlDevelopItChicago](http://gdichicago.com/courses/gdi-featured-js-intro/homework.html#:~:text=Unicode%20Characters%3A%20To%20print%20the,character%20for%20the%20degress%20symbol.)
- [W3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/JSREF/prop_style_fontweight.asp) for styling text weight in JS
- Brad Hall helped me troubleshoot my functions and gave me advice on how to pass on the longitude and latitude variables into the respective functions
- AskBCS Learning Assistant also helped me pass the lat/lon variables into the API function
- Patrick Lake, an offical bootcamp tutor, helped me troubleshoot my for-loop 

## License
MIT License

Commit message:

converted all Jquery into vanilla javascript and created the history button event listener to populate page with history

README.md, after:

# API Weather Dashboard

## Description
Using [Openweather.org's](https://openweathermap.org/forecast5) five-day forecast API, I created an app that lets you track the current weather as well as the five-day weather forecast for any city. Simply input a city name and view the results. 

The development taught me a lot about how to use APIs, how to grab and display data from the API onto my webpage, and the importance of defining variables in the proper scope and calling functions in the right places.

Link to live page: 

## Installation
N/A

## Usage
1. Input a city name in the search bar on the left
2. Click the 'search' button or hit 'enter' on your keyboard
3. The page will then populate with the weather data for that city

## Credits 
This app was created using [Openweather.org's](https://openweathermap.org/forecast5) five-day forcast API. I also used jquery and Day.js.

- [Day.js](https://day.js.org/docs/en/manipulate/add) for getting the dates
- [W3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_loc_assign.asp) for the location assign method
- [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65908096/how-can-i-store-multiple-values-inside-one-localstorage-key) for help on understanding JSON parse and stringify methods
- [GirlDevelopItChicago](http://gdichicago.com/courses/gdi-featured-js-intro/homework.html#:~:text=Unicode%20Characters%3A%20To%20print%20the,character%20for%20the%20degress%20symbol.) for the degree symbol
- [W3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/JSREF/prop_style_fontweight.asp) for styling text weight in JS
- [[W3schools]](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_this.asp) for the .this 
- Brad Hall helped me troubleshoot my functions and gave me advice on how to pass on the longitude and latitude variables into their respective functions
- AskBCS Learning Assistant also helped me pass the lat/lon variables into the API function and helped me with CSS styling
- Patrick Lake, an offical bootcamp tutor, helped me troubleshoot my for-loop and my variable expressions so that my weather data would display in each of the day containers
- Jessica Saddington helped me with the "this.textContent" argument

## License
MIT License
